Add VM Scheduling (#385)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/create-vm.md

In bridge VLAN, virtual machines are connected to the host network through a linux `bridge`. The network IPv4 address is delegated to the virtual machine via DHCPv4. The virtual machine should be configured to use DHCP to acquire IPv4 addresses.

## Node Scheduling

> The `Node Scheduling` allows you to constrain which nodes your VMs can be scheduled on based on node labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Node Scheduling` allows you to constrain which nodes your VMs can be scheduled on based on node labels.
```

See the [Kubernetes Node Affinity Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#node-affinity) for more details.

## VM Scheduling

> `VM Scheduling` allows you to constrain which nodes your VMs can be scheduled on based on the labels of workloads (VMs and Pods) already running on that node, instead of the node labels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`VM Scheduling` allows you to constrain which nodes your VMs can be scheduled on based on the labels of workloads (VMs and Pods) already running on these nodes, instead of the node labels.
```

In bridge VLAN, virtual machines are connected to the host network through a linux `bridge`. The network IPv4 address is delegated to the virtual machine via DHCPv4. The virtual machine should be configured to use DHCP to acquire IPv4 addresses.

## Node Scheduling
`Node Scheduling` allows you to constrain which nodes your VMs can be scheduled on based on node labels.

See the [Kubernetes Node Affinity Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#node-affinity) for more details.

## VM Scheduling

`VM Scheduling` allows you to constrain which nodes your VMs can be scheduled on based on the labels of workloads (VMs and Pods) already running on these nodes, instead of the node labels.

> For example, you could use `Requied` with `Affinity` to tell the scheduler to co-locate VMs of two services in the same zone because they communicate with each other a lot. Similarly, you could use `Prefered` with `Anti-Affinity` to spread VMs from one service across multiple zones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instance, you can utilize `Required` in combination with `Affinity` to instruct the scheduler to place VMs from two services in the same zone, enhancing their communication efficiency. Likewise, the use of `Preferred` with `Anti-Affinity` can help distribute VMs of a particular service across multiple zones for increased availability.
```

> For instance, you can utilize `Required` in combination with `Affinity` to instruct the scheduler to place VMs from two services in the same zone, enhancing their communication efficiency. Likewise, the use of `Preferred` with `Anti-Affinity` can help distribute VMs of a particular service across multiple zones for increased availability.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For instance, you can combine `Required` with `Affinity` to instruct the scheduler to place VMs from two services in the same zone, enhancing communication efficiency. Likewise, the use of `Preferred` with `Anti-Affinity` can help distribute VMs of a particular service across multiple zones for increased availability.
```
